>> Jason Lengstorf: We can then
decide how we're gonna display this.
And to make things easy, i'm just gonna
package this up into its own component.
So we can create a new file,
and we're gonna call this one
post preview, if I can find it.
Here we go.
It's called postpreview.js.
And inside of it we're going
to import React from React.
We're also going to import the CSX prop
from, or the CSX tag from the emotion.
Why are you, why are you like that?
Don't do that.
Here we go.
We also need link from Gatsby because
we're going to be linking to the post.
And let's see what else we got.
We're gonna do a post preview component
that is going to take
the post as its props.
And then we're going to return something,
and that'll be our export default.
>> Jason Lengstorf: Okay, so in this,
I'm gonna use the article tag.
And we want to, we'll use an h3 because
we put it under an h1 or an h2 I mean.
And that is going to be the post.title.
We're also going to want to
show the post.excerpt and,
yeah, then we wanna link to read it.
So let's do a link to the post.slug.
Now this page doesn't exist yet,
we still have to create that, but
we will get there In a minute.
So we're gonna say read this post, and
we'll use that right
arrow HTML entity again.
Let's also link the heading.
We want that h1 to show up.
So let's do a link to post slug.
And then I'm just gonna drag this over so
it links the title.
Okay, so that's all good.
We're gonna need to style
this up a little bit.
So let's save it first and
we'll go in and use it.
So I'm gonna import my post preview
from components post preview.
And then down here I'm going to just use
it, post preview, and we need a key.
So the key is gonna be post slug,
we just need something unique, and
then the post is gonna be the post.
We have to use a key when we're mapping
over data because that's how React
knows which component is which for
different updates.
It'll complain if we don't do this.
So we just wanna make sure to give it
something and it has to be unique, so
you can't put in like a string.
So if we save this.
Okay, I mean that's not
terrible out of the gate.
We set some decent defaults,
that's okay, but
let's do a little bit of
styling to make this better.
Let me just pop this over so
we can see what we're doing.
I'm gonna get back into this post preview,
and let's just style this up a bit.
So I've got my CSS prop.
And we're going to,
let's add a border bottom,
give it one pic solid, triple Ds,
and then we'll go margin top,
a little bit of space up there so
that it's not crunched.
Add some padding at the bottom to
give it some breathing room, and
then because we don't want the top
one to be disproportionally
far away from the heading.
We'll also just set
the margin top to 1rem there.
And that should I think give
us most of what we need.
Okay, and now the other thing
that we're gonna do is,
I know that i'm gonna reuse this
read link in a few places, and so
it's not just gonna be in this file,
and I wanna change some styles on it.
So I wanna make this look
a little bit different.
In order to do that,
I wanna make this reusable.
So I'm gonna use a little trick of
just exporting a styled component that
doesn't even render.
And the way that this would work is we're
gonna create a file called readlink.js.
And this one is gonna import
styled from emotion/styled,
and I'm also gonna
import link from Gatsby.
And then the read link is
going to be a styled link.
And I just wanna add a couple little
things to make this look nice.
First I'm gonna make it
display in line block so
that it doesn't fill
out the entire screen.
And then I'm also going to set
the font size to a little bit smaller
than the rest of the text around it,
and I'm gonna export that as a default.
And that means now I've just basically
created a little styled component that's,
it doesn't change any functionality
of the link component,
it just makes it look a little different.
So that when I come in here
now I can import that.
>> Jason Lengstorf: And I'm gonna use that
down here to make this just look a little
bit nicer.
And it's a minor thing but
what it does is, that way we don't have to
copy paste that style when I'm inevitably
gonna wanna use this a little bit later.